I'm here with Filipo Bondi who shocked the world.
I think it's one of the most interesting findings
in the last century. I am struggling to express in
words just how significant of a discovery this is.
eight hollow cylindrical structures that
are underneath the middle pyramid on the
Giza plateau with columns and coils around
the columns and like what we have measured
approximately over 1 kilometer of depth over a
kilometer of depth. [Music] Do you think that
the pyramid was a nuclear fusion machine? Please
give me another another question. I don't know.
Maybe the water goes through the these spirals
and the spirals are made by PZO electric material.
You think we can turn the power
grid back on? But we do like that.
I'm here with Filipo Bondi who shocked the world
with a discovery earlier this year. You really
did. I think it's one of the most interesting
findings in the last century and I don't know
exactly what it points towards. I hope you can
help you know uh uh elucidate make clear uh what
it does today and what what your methodology was.
But you detected through this synthetic aperture
radar Doppler tomography this really exciting new
technique what seems to be like a it looks like an
energy grid below uh the cafra pyramid on the Giza
plateau and uh there's a lot of controversy you
have Zahiwas who's this cultural you know minister
of culture there former minister of culture and
he says you know it's fake news and there's
nothing there and then you have a lot of people
supporting you saying that you know There actually
probably is something underground. Obviously,
that whole area is full of subterranean chambers.
So, it's an honor to speak with you today. I'm
very excited to to get to the bottom of this
here in uh beautiful Peruja, Italy. Thank you
very much. Uh yes. Uh thank you for saying me that
uh we made uh a very uh great discovery in Jza.
Uh the just to begin the work was done together
with Cordado Malanga who is the uh the head of
the research group Armando May and uh and me I am
the technician that uh developed this uh this uh
synthetic virtual technique and I shared to the
group so to and to everyone to everyone and so
to perform the scamming at the Giza plateau I want
to start with the most like to the point question
and then we can back up and figure out how we
got there. What in your opinion in my opinion
say say a a gun was to your head you had to just
guess what what do you think is underneath the
conference pyramid? Okay. Yes. Thank you for this
question. The answer is very is a bit difficult
for me to give to give you an answer a precise
answer because uh the truth we will know the
truth only if we go inside physically there to
check what there is exactly. Now what we can say
that we have measurements measurements physical
measurements that are acoustic measurements and
uh this we performed these measurements as you
announced before using a synthetic virtual radar.
Then we will speak about the synthetic virtual
radar and how we arrived to uh perform these
measurements. We are uh considering tomographic
analysis on first of all uh we we began this
analysis on uh uh the great pyramid of chaops.
uh and then we moved on the cafra pyramid and
then and uh extending all the measurements uh the
measurements on all the Giza plateau. So what we
are watching we are watching uh huge structures
that are connected to the base of the cafrey
pyramid and these structures goes are extending
underneath for um let's say t and t of meters
uh approximately we have measured uh approximately
over 1 kilometer of depth over a kilometer that.
Yeah. Wow. So over a thousand meters. And uh what
do the structures look like? Yes, the structures
are like uh um that the the tomographies
are public. So we have uh do we have done
a scientific interpretation of those tomographies
and they are um like tubes that are connected to
the base of the pyramid. We are counting at the
moment uh uh four + 4 cubes that are descending
underneath and they are connecting the top. So the
base of the pyramid to something that is located
at the bottom. So at the bottom we probably have
huge chambers uh for approximately 80 m wide
uh of wide of width and also of height. 80 m. Wow.
On the bottom. On the bottom. Yes. And and so what
is that? That's like the kind of foundation
structure on which the tubes probably because
we are uh observing that the tubes are connected
to the respective top of this structure they are
connected and goes inside. Wow. also because uh
then I I explain you why and all the physics that
is behind this all these measurements and uh uh
obviously we don't know the exact um uh objective
of these things. What we what we know now is this
there are these structures tubes huge tubes that
are descending underneath and we have noticed
that these tubes has a sort of spiral nature.
M so they they uh spirals around theirel going
down and then we have noticed that each tube has
a core in the center which is um that um let's say
connects the uh the spirals no and this core the
sh down. So just to be clear the physics uh behind
all these uh all this work that we have done uh
we have used an equipment or a device let's say a
device a payload that is called a radar. Uh radar
is an acronmous that it means radio detection
and ranging. So we detect things uh uh remotely
and while we detect things we can also measure a
distance. This is a radar. Uh in the in the past
the radar was uh installed on board the ships
maybe to know for safe safety navigation or on
board aeroplanes but today they are also on board
the satellites and um of course the technology
advanced and radar became synthetic a virtual
radar. Why synthetic aperture radar? because
uh we need um the we need to perform um pictures
electromagnetic pictures of the earth it require
the image of the radar. So synthetic aperture data
it means that we synthetize a very long aperture
in order to have very high resolution on there.
We are talking about submetric resolution maybe a
pixel can be of this dimension of of this square
that is on the floor. So it is very important.
Yeah it's like a quarter of a meter right or yeah
it's pretty strong resolution. And there there are
companies like ISI and and others that uh do all
sorts of work when it comes to synthetic aperture
radar. They have you know Umbra, Capella Space,
which I think are responsible for some of these
scans are very credible companies that do work in
defense and commercial applications as well. Yes.
Okay. They are um there are the the companies that
you uh that you said uh they yes they are American
Cabella space and also ICI is an Eurobian
company. We have Cosmos Ket and Cosmos Ket
second generation which is an Italian company uh
affiliated to the Italian space agency. So we have
a lot of equipments, a lot of radars and we used
data uh um produced by these satellites to perform
the uh scanning on JA. And so radar backing up is
just bouncing radio waves off of physical objects.
Synthetic aperture w radar is a way to do that
with finer resolution essentially. And and so how
does that work exactly? I have to tell you this
this that is very important because initially
when we announced this discovery there was a lot
of mess in terms of scientific information. So
misunderstanding a lot of misunderstanding
radar synthear cannot penetrate the earth.
So electromagnetic electromagnetic waves
has also has only superficial interaction.
According to the Maxwell theory according to the
past uh physics classical physics the interaction
of electromagnetic wave is superficial. Maybe you
can have u a bit of penetration but very very few
uh cm of penetration. Um in this case we have
used we have developed a new technique which
we are able to detect the superficial
vibrations of the earth. Why? Because
um vibrations penetrates the earth. It means that
photon and phonon and phonons which is the quanto
in uh of light of electromagnetic waves and the
quanto of vibrations. So photon and phonons are
separated by something called boundary. It
means that light propagates only in the free
space and not in the matter. Phon propagates
only in the matter and not in a free space.
M so in order to comi to combine these two we have
we we uh tried and we successfully combined the
two informations given by the photon and by the
photon where we have both of them try to guess
where we have both of them in the intersection
at the boundary and at the boundary we have the
information of the photons and the phonons we have
the interaction of them And there we were able to
uh retrive the so-called sufficient statistic in
order to perform tomographic inversion and so to
go deeply inside the earth. So this is something
that we have developed two years ago and this is
new and at the beginning people were not uh you
know it is was something new. So it had it had to
pass uh some time in order to realize that this
was possible is some is something penetrating
the earth. So in the case of radar like you said
it's reflecting off the earth's surface pretty
much superficial. What else is penetrating the
earth to even gather the data on the structures?
I tell you this, the satellites flies in the
in the space on a velocity of approximately 7
kilometers per second. It means that in 1 second
the satellite has flight flow 7 kilometers.
Then this high uh speed, this high velocity
permits the RER to synthetize a very generous
Doppler bandwidth. Doppler it means that uh
the electromagnetic waves that we transmit
and receive are frequency modulated by the
movement of the earth. Okay. If the earth
vibrates because of the presence of seismic waves,
the presence of vibration due by the the cities,
the presence of vibration you by any natural
um phenomena occurring on the earth while we
are observing it by the radar, it means that the
earth is moving and if this movement performs a
uh frequency modulation on the returned the
signal. Yeah. So this frequency modulation
is proportional to the vibration. Yeah. We
can grab the vibration of the earth and this
vibration that is located on the boundary has
all the information of the vibration present in
uh uh below the earth. According to this it was
possible to perform an algorithm that um realizes
tomography. Tomography it means I look insideos
in um Latin it means slice. Okay. So we uh can
scan the earth according to slice that are located
below the earth. a slice. Imagine to um uncharge a
or to extract a vibrational slice from below the
earth. And here you can see everything concerning
the energy vibration on a certain depth. So phonon
which is vibration conver converts to photon which
is basically a light packet which is the unit of
an electromagnetic wave. The frequency modulation
then goes to the satellite and allows you to
read uh vibrational differences in the earth
which is obviously uh you know kind of correlated
with material differences under the earth and
you can figure out the structure underneath the
earth. Is that correct roughly? Yes. Okay. That's
very interesting. And I think to maybe the skeptic
out there, I imagine this is used in other cases,
right? Like this isn't just used for scanning
underneath the pyramids. Has this been used in
commercial industry, in defense, anything else? As
you know, on American Alchemy, we cover a lot of
technology that goes beyond human limits. This
is about technology that helps the body catch
up and feel good. I'm talking about the Irisor
LED face mask, a red light therapy system that
uses clinical grade wavelengths to boost skin cell
energy production. The same exact principle used
in the top recovery clinics in bio optimization
labs in the world. I've been using it most nights,
10 minutes while I'm reading, prepping for a show,
or decompressing. It's completely hands-free,
comfortable, and engineered to deliver consistent
light intensity across the face. Not that uneven
scatter most cheaper masks use. It feels
like your face is taking a warm bath. What
it's doing is called photobiomodulation,
stimulating mitochondria to repair tissue,
reduce inflammation, and improve circulation.
You actually feel the calm and rejuvenation after
a session. I've tested a few of these. This one
really stands out for the build quality. It feels
like it was built in a high precision lab, and
it's not just a cheap beauty gadget. So, if you're
into real evidence-based recovery tech, this
belongs in your setup. Head to irrestore.com and
use code jesse25 for an exclusive discount. Again,
ires restore.com code jesse25. Red light therapy
has really been a gamecher for me. So I hope
you love it. It can be used uh for everything I
suppose for commercial purpose. No, because uh if
when we are able to uh retrive the superficial um
vibration of dirt in order to perform tomography,
we can use this technique for maybe for mining,
maybe for uh crude oil extraction, maybe for
other kind of application that can be useful.
Is it humans? Is it currently used for anything?
Like I've heard that it might be used to map magma
chambers and volcanoes. Yes, can be used for uh
map the magma chambers of the volcanoes. that
in my personal opinion is very important to do
this type of u facilities because I give you an
example in Italy we have a very dangerous volcano
which is the visubio that is located in Naples and
uh from 1948 this volcano is not smoking anymore
so it is accumulating energy oh wow and we know
that I'm not saying that uh tomorrow will will
erupt I'm not saying this but it has to be moni
monitoriized. I tell you Italy is very um um in
here in Italy we are focused on that volcano.
It means that it is very under um attention. M
there are a lot of incid incidtoismograph radars
are using the so-called interferometry uh which
measures the displacement of the earth are always
uh also I do it uh on my work uh it is always
under attention this other method can uh help
uh scientist to um study volcan Absolutely.
Yes. Wow. I mean, I think it's very important
for people to hear that this method is used in
business contexts when money is on the line or
in the case of Mount Vuvius so that another
Pompei doesn't happen, you know, lives are on
the line. So, this is a a triedand-rue method
Doppler tomography because it's really funny,
man. Like even in preparing for this interview,
you can chat GPT, you know, your finding under
the Confer pyramid. The response you get back is
synthetic aperture radar can't penetrate below you
know a quarter of a centimeter below the earth.
They don't even mention the Doppler temography
which is used in all these other contexts. So
it's it's just bizarre like like I don't know
why. I don't know why either man. It's a Yeah.
Okay. So that's really helpful that it's used
constantly and I think it's important for people
to understand your background as well. You do
some work with the Italian military that's
classified. You can't even speak about it,
right? So, it's clearly useful to them because
they don't want anybody talking about it. Should
I not even be asking about that? Okay. I I'm
just saying the fact that you do it. Are you not
supposed to say it? Okay. Sorry. I mean, in the
US like you can say like I do work. I just can't
talk about it. But you don't even want to say that
you do the work. Okay. Okay. Forget it. Um, what
was your motivation in the first place to even
look below the pyramids? you know how you know
did you have a hypothesis like I mean most people
wouldn't even think that there might be something
there yes thank you for this question the first
thing I did is to move on vuvius because I had in
uh in my uh consciousness to make something for
humanity so the first thing is okay let's see
what is happening what is happening happening um
under the Vubius and I wrote a paper was very very
nice paper and uh together also with uh uh the
National Research Council of Italy because we we
um we we have synchronized the data coming from
inctomograph with the radar data and match them
together was I suggest to read that paper is
very I it is open source also everything is
open source and here I can say it's it's
it's in my article or not it's in my book
it's in my article uh so and then after writing
this so something uh no money only for humanity
uh and continuing this paradigma only for humanity
according to my friend in 2019 Kado Malanga
We decided to do something um concerning if if it
was possible to scan inside the um kunum kufu or
chaops pyramid and then we made uh the motivation
the motivation was because uh Ja is uh I think
the archaeological site in the world. There are
a lot of things that in my personal opinion has
to be discovered and we are doing it. So we moved
there because we were motivated very motivated to
move in jitsa because Jesus is very important for
humanity and you go for the the past no who who
we are who are we because in my vessel opinion
uh people when they born we don't know who we
are we are here and we don't know anything about
our past our history and who we are truly and it
really Egypt Egypt is the center of the debate. If
you if humans have collective amnesia and we don't
remember who we are, Egypt is the center of the
epicenter of that kind of discussion because you
have people on the one hand like Robert Beval and
Graham Hancock and Robert Shock who since the '9s
have been saying very interesting things about,
you know, possibly limestone damage on the Sphinx
and, you know, a lot of these structures possibly
being dating back to, you know, pre what we think
of as kind of, you know, Egyptian kingdoms talking
about their mapping to, you know, processions and
to, you know, to to to Orion's belt at the time of
10,500 when they think maybe the Sphinx was built.
And you have subterranean chambers in that area as
well. You have Zahi Was, the minister of culture,
famously debating them and trying to suppress
a lot of this information, but admitting that
there are some chambers down there. He he even
went down in certain cases and then it's often,
you know, nothing to see here. Don't don't dig
further, you know. So it is it is this and then
if you think about western civilization the
Greeks got a lot from the Egyptians and the
Egypt you know pre-Egypt you have Sumeriia you
have a couple of other cultures we know less
about but Egypt was far more advanced than a
lot of you know what was preceding it and so
it's this really interesting seinal place to look
I think I agree with you in my personal review
they were they were far far advanced with respect
to others we can see it how they used to cut the
stones very precisely like that I don't know if
you you went in I went for the first time in the
cerapo of sakara that's something very amazing you
see these huge uh um how you say not sarcophagus
they are sarco let's call them sarcophagus but
they are not sarcophagus very precisely very
heavy and so the the first thing I I can say how
they built them how they transported them down
uh in that site we don't know anything about those
things yeah yeah it's um taking you know uh quartz
from 500 miles away you know it's we don't know
that how that works we don't know how you get
but also today it's it's a problem to transport
those heavy masses Right. All all these all that
distance from a part to another one. Even today it
would be hard. And we're talking about you know 10
20 30 ton stones that it's it's just and and they
do in some cases look like they were lathed or
something. They were like even modern you know uh
techniques of civil engineering wouldn't be able
to recreate you know some of these things.
So it's just it's just really amazing. Like
do you have for example like the pyramids? Do
you have a good theory on how they were built?
Very very interesting question. Personally my own
theory I don't have my own theory on to seeing
how they were built this those huge structure.
Um just to tell you uh two uh weeks ago I went
for the first time in Egypt. So I I appreciate
uh in in person on those the pyramids. I went
inside the pyramids and I was very amazing for the
first time how they built those huge structures.
I don't know. I really I don't know. and um
you know before uh uh the study that we did
that we did so I'm saying this for me people maybe
people used to to to ask in theirel how they could
um uh realize those those huge structure no the
techn the technology that they used to to to use
for for uh this these pyramids. And if we consider
also the structure that that is underneath,
what can I what can we say about this? What do
you think? What can we say? I don't know. Yeah.
Really? I don't know. because Armando Mai who
you've collaborated with has some interesting
ideas as to maybe the function of these these
pyramids. Yes, Armando. Um, we uh speak about
this every day with Armando, with Colorado and we
we speak also with Christopher Dana that has a lot
of theories, no about energy plans or other kinds
of uh purposes about the pyramids. In my personal
opinion, now is time to stay allto together and
work on a common purpose. We have to go and see
in person what there is underneath. I think
Christopher Dunn's ideas are fascinating that
it's some sort of solid state electron generator
and it it can uh sort of it has wave guides for
microwave transmission and there you know maybe it
was you know hydrogen generator or something. It's
a it's really interesting and I don't know what
to make of it but it seems very rigorous and smart
in terms of like the way he thinks about it. Um,
do do you think that there's something possibly
there? Because you have his work preceding the
scans that you found where he's hypothesizing all
of this stuff and then you essentially find what
looks like an energy grid. It looks like coils
wrapping around these sort of charged possibly
charged rods or something. That's what it looks
like. Yes, I thanks a lot Christopher Dan because
he endorsed our uh research. So I am very thank
to him because I uh knew him in p in person.
He is really wonderful wonderful person and
um so I thank him. Uh yes I I agree with
him because uh uh I think he was the the
first person that uh um gave this theory about
the energy power plant or something related to
information. let's say information. You have
a very fascinating hypothesis as to what the
pyramid or theory as to what the pyramid actually
was. Well, my first book pretty much describes
what I thought it was uh in 1998 which was a power
plant. The book is entitled the Giza power plant.
I describe it as an electron harvester and I agree
with him. What can I say personally? Personally,
I can say that uh this structure, the tubes
that are going below the earth, the pyramid
uh are uh something related to information.
Information from the stars. I can't say anything
about this. Why? Why do you think information
information? Because um also generating energy
is a kind of information. Information is
everything. Uh um I tell you and in all this
uh technical compound there is in my personal
opinion an actor that it is always present. You
know what it is? What? Water. Water. Water is the
principal actor that uh is related to all these
structures. What role why do you say that? What
role does water play in the pyramid? Yes. uh water
when uh flows maybe let's say on the on the pipes
like that it generates a certain uh information in
terms of vibration that is very precise because
water is the an important stuff of life that is
present on the earth very a lot know the the earth
is full of water we are water and So the pyramids
and the water are connected together. M and when
you say generates information I tell you you know
that we are made of water 80% or something I think
more maybe more it depends on how you are watching
your percentage I tell you in terms of mass of
the molecular I agree with you 80% but in terms
of moles it means number of molecular we are 98
or 99%. Wow. It means that that 1% of number of
moleculars are have the weight of the 20% that you
said before. Okay. In terms of number of atom of
molecular that is composed our body we are 99% of
water H2O. Yes. Wow. Yes. So that's that's very
important. That's extremely interesting. Yeah.
Wow. If you are seeing it in terms of mass okay
that 1% of molecular has the mass of the 20% of
all the entire water composing my my my body. So
80% 20% in mass 99% and 1% in terms of number
of molecules and that's because of this power
law where there's yeah how how does that work
exactly? So you have the the the the mass has
less number of molecules than the water. The water
has more molecules. 1% of number of molecules it
means that they have a great weight. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So the proteins, the I don't
know other things that are composing our body.
Yeah. That is 1% in terms of moles. Yeah. Number
of molecules. That's interesting because there
are all these studies. There's a guy named Gerald
Pollock who talks about I suggest to to read uh
the studies of Juliano Preparato. Okay. And the
de Judish were two former professors at University
of Milan. Physics. What do they talk about? Yes,
they were the uh scientists that worked together
to fleshman and pawns. Ah yeah so fleshman and
pawns for the audience who might not be aware
were proponents of cold fusion. So like low energy
nuclear reactions and they claimed all these
overunity results and then I think maybe they
were sabotaged and you know maybe some scientific
suppression occurred. Who knows? But so oh so so
so they had a connection with fleshman and pods.
Absolutely. Yes. They studied under because they
they unfortunately they disappear both because
they were wonderful de Judish and Juliano.
Does does this have to do with dutyium at
all? Heavy water. On this show, we talk about
advanced exotic technology, but the most advanced
system you'll ever deal with is your own body,
your own biology. And the older you get, the
slower your body responds. It's not broken,
it's just a bit laggy. That's where stem cells
come in. They're basically your built-in repair
crew. And as we age, the signals your stem cells
send get weaker. Qualia stem cell is designed to
support those natural repair processes. They use
well-ressearched ingredients like seab buckthornne
and royal jelly that help your body do what it's
already trying to do. What I like is how dead
simple it is. You take it 4 days a month. That's
it. No 40 pill stack, no daily commitment, just
four focused days to support recovery and healthy
aging. So, if you've ever felt like your body just
doesn't bounce back like it used to, whether it's
after a tough workout, getting sick, or just the
wear and tear of life, this product is for you.
Qualia stem cell was designed to support your
body's natural repair systems, helping you heal,
recover, and keep going strong. And right now, you
can try it for up to 50% off at qualia.com/jesse.
Again, that is 50% off at quality.com/jesse. And
here's a bonus. Use the code jesse js for
an additional 15% off that order. That's
at qualia.com/jesse. Your body is built to repair
itself. Qualia just helps it do that better. A big
thanks to Qualia for sponsoring this video. You
know, some of the low energy nuclear people even
now doing experiments say dutyium atoms are really
important. Absolutely. Yes. So that's heavy water.
And so I wonder if there's some connection between
what you're saying because when I asked you,
you know, how should we look into water? You
mentioned these two Italian scientists and then
you mentioned the cold fusion thing. Absolutely.
It is very important coal fusion. Cold fusion is
uh I I'm not interested in cold fusion but I'm
very passion I have a passion in cold fusion.
When uh two uh um
hydrogen atoms are are connecting together
and they uh they they transform in um helium
atom releasing energy because a helium atom is
uh has a weight less than two hydrogen atom.
by def different mass they generate
energy in terms of electromagnetic waves.
This kind of uh uh let's say union can be done
or forcing the atoms together or persu persuading
them to be naturally connected. That's called
fusion is the second. You have to find a method to
persuade to convince the two atom to go together
naturally without forcing them. That's called
fusion. Hot fusion is the first one. M but I tell
you that hot fion the various tok that they are
uh designing or other kind of uh hot fion given
by pumping energy um designing very um powerful
laser magnetic confinement. Yeah, I can tell you
personally that is the energy of the future. It
means that we'll never find the present. What do
you mean if that's they don't work? That doesn't
work. Is the energy hot fusion? No, I agree. I
don't know. It'll always be of the future. I fully
agree because uh it's it's always it's extremely
hard to to make it work and basically for the
audience uh controlled fusion is the holy grail.
We have only have fusion in the form of hydrogen
bombs right now which is obviously very dystopian
thing. Yeah. And with tokamac receptors it feels
like kind of like a like a fool's errand or like
almost self-defeating because of the amount of
energy input to make the thing in the first place.
And it it is very high energy. And so there's
the all these lore rumors of cold fusion. I'd say
pawns and fleshman are probably the most credible
of the rumors. I I think so. Yes. Yeah. Because
and that would be this groundbreaking thing
because you if you had an overunity unity reaction
with low energy input. It's like paradigm shifting
for humanity. It's free energy. Yeah. And what do
they find at flesh pawns and also Juliano Barada
and then near the judica after was uh how can we
persuade two hydrogel atoms to go together because
they there are the the atomic forces that the
most you you com you confine those atoms and they
they are they they will never go together. Yeah.
You have kum's force which is repulsion electron
repulsion. So, how do you um persuade them? Okay.
How do you do that? Like where are two people that
they do don't uh they do not talk each other? No.
No. I don't want to talk to you. Yeah. Yeah. So
maybe a third person comes here. Yeah. And persuad
you and me to talk together. Ah. And that third
person was the atom of paladium. M paladium is
a special let's say material that it's able to
persuade two atoms of hydrogen to go together
and become uh magically an atom of valium and the
uh fusion reaction is done by paladarium. Okay.
And also electricity. So uh thearium, paladium,
electricity, the and electricity and this recipe
allows the um cold fusion. There was problems
about the quantity, the amount of energy. No, that
was very little. But if the research from the 80s
to now uh were performed, maybe today we can we
can have better results with respect to the 80s
when the when the first experiment of fleshmanet
bombs were was uh announced. Do you think that the
pyramid was a nuclear fusion machine? Please give
me another another question. I don't know. Well,
was there my my more the more specific question
would be when you were talking about water
transferring information? Yes. Where where does
that leave us as far as what it could be? Like is
there is there been could be but I say is there
any evidence that palladium was involved in we
don't know as I tell you you have to go down and
see and explore what is in really that ja what's
a ja because can't be tombs you know well I think
that it's funny like it used to be conventional
dogma that they were all tombs now you have you
had Graeme Hancock for the last 30 years like it's
not a tomb. Now people are like, "Okay, maybe it's
not a tomb." And so it's slowly slowly following,
you know, do you think that mapping to um Orion's
belt around 10,500 BC, there's something somehow
important with that? Cuz if you if you basically
Yeah, they do map to Orion's belt. Orion's belt
plays a very important role in a lot of different
different traditions. Even like Tommy, you know,
said that the soul's path was through Orion's
belt. I asked Graham Hancock on my show. I said,
"What do you think the pyramids were for if
they weren't tombs?" And he gave me a very
trippy answer. He said something about, you know,
ascending through them. Like once maybe a pharaoh
has died, they're buried there and then it's
it's like an ascension portal or something.
When it comes to the pyramids themselves lining
up with Orion's belt, Orion's belt has has always
across many cultures been the place of ascension
of souls. Absolutely. It is. It is here in in
North America uh and and in Central America and in
South America. The the path of souls uh that idea
that on death we our soul makes a kind of leap up
to the heavens and then makes a journey along the
Milky Way. Uh and that that journey is full of
challenges and difficulties. uh on which we will
be assessed for the use we made of the incredible
gift of life. Uh that idea is found all over the
world. Do you have you considered any of these
things or maybe that's what we don't know? Yeah.
There is something the ja has to be something that
is related to give a better life of the people at
the time living there. So maybe an energy power
plant, something uh related to chemical, something
related to I don't know mining, something related
but or a combination of everything. So there is
something that is related to uh make better living
people there. And and and speaking of water,
aren't there rumors of a water table also? Yes.
Below the copper pyramid? Yes. Below the Gab P
there is water. Absolutely. Yes. Because we found
water in the in the Ozaris shaft at minus 33 37 m
approximately. I don't remember precisely there
is water. Uh but I have to in my personal video
I have to say this water cannot be everywhere.
Maybe we find water in the shaft. we move a bit
on the left or on the right or on the north or on
the south and there is not water. So it's not um
uh mathematical mathematical that we find water
everywhere in JA this first thing then I will
explain you what the caf research project is
moving on because is related to the water. Yeah,
because as I told you, water is the principal
actor of Ja. Yeah. Well, before we get to that,
I want to give you one one more like
the skeptics say you can't go that deep
with Doppler tomography. We can definitely go a
thousand meters deep, a kil kilometer deep. It's
possible or absolutely yes. And we have in other
cases because vibrations are traveling inside
the limestone and 2 kilo I don't remember 2.5
kilometers per second something like that. Okay.
Sorry if I make a mistake because I don't remember
precisely but the order is that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
And then the the the the image that went viral all
over the internet of the coils and the this like
you said 4x4 you know 16 pillars energy grid. Um
the other critique four plus four not times four
plus four. So eight pillars. No all good. So eight
pillars you know in this shape of an energy grid.
You have um Sabina Hosenfelder is this physicist.
She makes this video. She's very nice. She was
nice and she was I think pretty open-minded
in her video. But at the end she said I think
that the AI reconstruction of the image is taking
liberties. Um because basically for the audience
you have tomography scans. So that's the raw data
and then you have what went viral all over the
internet which is these image reconstructions.
That's the the pillars with the perfect coils
that everybody's seeing. So it's beyond my
expertise. Like do do you think that that's
a faithful rendition of what you actually measured
the the pillars with the coils? The shape is that
the shape of the doper tomography was recasting
a spiral form. So we can't say that are I don't
know copper coils or they are uh we what we can't
understand we can't understand is this we can't
understand that maybe can be I don't know stairs
that are going down or I don't know it's uh they
are cables that are going down what we understand
is they have it is something that has a spiral
nature. Yeah. But that's all. Are you like 100%
sure it's man-made? Not it's we couldn't naturally
Oh, 100%. Yes. It's man-made. Yeah. This that this
I I can cuz you don't find things in nature that
coil per in perfect, you know, uh Okay. So, that's
easy to say definitively. You never see anything
in any of your other subsurface scans that look
anything like that? No, no, no. Absolutely not.
Okay. And then it's a question of what's the
material and you know, but you feel like you
have some decent resolution. You think that it is
these circular pillars? Yes. Something wrapping
around it. For sure. It is hard to say which
kind of material is or for now maybe if we have
hundreds of tomographies with a ground truth we
can also understand the um acoustic fingerprint
and maybe we can move into material uh recognition
and that's what we are working now because we we
we tried to move this technique for mining.
Oh, today mining is very important. Also,
United States or other countries, we need rare
earth materials. We need gold today. Gold is
very important. No, we we see the gold price
going up every every day. Why? Because uh in
this moment the technology is uh explo exploding.
We need uh rare earth materials for our devices
because there is AI because there is uh I don't
know Nvidia that uh has to build uh a lot of
sorry by saying Nvidia or other other companies
u the graphic cards that are very powerful. So we
need a rare earth material. So now we are moving
further. Maybe in in some years we will be able to
know which kind of material we are dealing but now
not I'm not ready. So what we can say is okay that
uh in that part of uh of the tomoggram we
have high vibrational energy and there we
have lower vibrational energy. depict depicting
the pixels we can represent that they underneath
has a spiral nation but we can't understand the
type of material and the the AI reconstruction
for the image are you using generic software
or your own no my own software not AI okay
it's your own software yes and and that your own
software you use that in other contexts when you
use Absolutely yes s doppler tomography in the
scientific community it's called it's call it
the podo inversion of measurements. Okay. In order
to retrive tomographic analysis, it's called the
inversion. But but you you do this a lot over the
course of a year and you feel confident because
you've in the other cases based on the software
read in certain cases you probably can go down
and verify what you're seeing. And in those cases
they usually check they usually check out they
confirm what you see in the software. Erh you
are speaking about validation. Yes. Okay. Yeah.
Have you been validated in other cases? Yes we do
we did a lot of uh uh validation uh experiments
a lot of because as a scientist I have to
validate. No how can I present my results
like that? No it's not possible. So uh you know
that validating things that are underneath is
very difficult. Yeah. To go down is difficult.
It's difficult. Yeah. But it's not impossible.
Yeah. Have you done it ever? Uh so the strategy
that we have um that we have uh made is this.
We know that there there is a structure where we
know everything about it in a certain depth. Okay,
let's move let's move there and we try to
perform tomographic inversion there. So to
see if our results are matching with reality.
Have you done those experiments? Yes. Okay.
Have you done a lot of them? Echo. That's
another point. That's another point of view.
Uh three or four experiments. Okay. I tell you
it's very difficult to do. So we did measurements
of the Grand Sasalia physic laborator. Okay. Uh
located inside the mountain. It's 200 kilometers
far from here. And uh we depicted the labor.
Okay. That's our measurements and the reality.
How accurate? No 100%. They match. 100%. Can can
did you do it double blind? So you didn't Can you
explain me double blind please? Yeah. So the way
I would do the experiment in order to prove that
SAR Doppler tomography is really effective is
I would if I were you find somebody else who's
a good practitioner of SAR Doppler tomography
and who can who can get the scan somehow. I
guess if it's you're using a satellite, you're
using a satellite. So I I don't know, you know,
but like somebody who isn't aware like you
that you're doing a test and you say, "Okay,
get the tomography scans and do it you and then
you create an image based on the tomography scans
with your software." Yes. And then see if that
matches cuz you already probably know what the
the laboratory looks like. You I didn't
do that. Yes. Is it is important. Yes,
we have to do it. Yes. But we didn't do it. But
it's still you've done your own scans and it lined
up with what you saw in the Okay. So that's
pretty Yeah, because I mean to me artificial
intelligence is just pattern matching. So the
more data you have, the more you're like, okay,
I've mapped this and then I've also validated and
seen it personally and myself physically measured
it and it lines up. If you have, you know, a lot
of instances of that, I think we can kind of say
that there's definitely something here. So, I
just want to tell you this. Yeah. Uh the rule
of artificial intelligence in our technique.
Okay. There is not rule because we didn't use
artificial intelligence. M okay. It's funny people
keep saying it. Yeah. Let's forget artificial
intelligence. I I tell you how it works. Okay.
It works like that. We have measurements. Huh?
Okay. Yeah. We have a model and I tell you what's
a model and we we can if we have the measurements
and we have the model we can say to inverse the
model and so to retrive the the the the result.
Okay. The result are is tomography. Okay. Okay.
And it works like that works. Yeah. Measurements,
model, results, not artificial intelligence. Did
the did the data just come from one satellite or
from multiple satellites? Multiple satellites
for the CAFRA? Absolutely. And they both four
satellites. Uh no. Or uh ISIA, Capella Space,
Umbra Space, Cosmos Sky. Four satellites. All
four. Yes. Wow. And all four gave you the same raw
tomography data. Yeah, I got the results there.
Yeah, that's amazing. That's really amazing.
It is the basic the basic things. We cannot
announce anything without these basics scientific
methods and you've and you've done four four or
so instances of validation in other cases to
show that structures that you are measuring
actually look like what you think they do. Yes.
I I I I don't know. Um we have measured also
the the Osiris shaft. Mhm. Which is well known
at the structure. The structure is well known.
And the readings that you got in the synthetic
aperture radar Doppler tomography matched 100%.
Wow. Okay. So that's pretty good. We don't have a
double blind because I don't know what's how deep
down does that go? Uh 37 m the last one. And
then but the osaris goes down. Yeah. It goes
down for uh for a while. I don't remember. Okay.
It's okay. Maybe. I don't remember. I'm sorry. No,
no, no. It's okay. So that's fascinating. I
mean that gives me a lot of confidence that
there's something there. So Filippo, what
are the next steps of the Kafra project?
The next steps uh we are moving to uh completing
all the scanning. We are completing we are nearly
finished or we have nearly finished all the
scannings. Erh, and now we are working on
uh dealing with Egyptian authorities in order to
uh to request uh some authorization to go in S2
and do some measurements. Do you think that you'll
get permission from the Egyptian authorities?
Okay. You know in Italy we have this kind of
uh saying like that that is mixed with latin.
If I ask you something is something
is human. I can ask you something
but to obtain what I have asked
you is another kettle of fish.
Okay. So we uh we are working on
um uh compiling a project proposal.
Maybe the cafe research project can be at the
center. So me Armando and Corvando and we can
work together with the university. Let's say
University of Ferrara. No. And uh maybe other
uh companies that uh physically can uh
work on JA. So you want to get funding
and work with an academic institution
and then be able to to and do you do
you think because historically and you
saw it with Zahias going on Joe Rogan,
you know, very recently. I discovered I
discovered I discovered I discovered now
you just have these people in charge who
are close-minded. They're corrupt. Their
incentives are to basically forcefitit
any new finding into the country's
own history. And if something involves any
civilization predate predating that country,
they're going to have an allergic reaction
to it. So, how do you get around that? I I'm
dealing with that a little bit because I've
done some stories in Peru and they're they
have their own ministry of culture and they
have gatekeepers as well and it's extremely
frustrating. Um, and our mutual friend Jay has
experienced that as well. So, what uh, yeah,
I guess h how do you get around that? How do you
get around the politics? Good question. I went to
um, two weeks ago, as I told you before,
I went in Egypt. I I found a nice country,
nice, very nice people. Um I don't know if uh
all of them are open mind but maybe yes. Um
I found that they are very friendly and they
love the pyramids. They love the pyramids. We
um in my personal opinion uh we are not against
them but we are together. We are all together.
It would be the best thing in
the world for Egypt, for tourism,
for national pride if they found out that
the pyramids had some elaborate substructure
and some exotic functionality that we don't
know of today. I mean, today we don't know,
but maybe in a couple of years. Yes. It would be
a mbreaking discovery, a revelation, and it would
be the best possible thing for Egyptian GDP. Yes.
in the world. It would be amazing. Like I can't
think of a better scenario for them. And I tell
you maybe this times are we are ready to do it.
Yeah. Who knows? Yeah. Who knows? We are ready.
I like that attitude. Yeah. Yeah. I love that.
Yeah. The the the water thing is so interesting.
What what do you what do you think as far as you
say water has information and what is that? I
mean obviously there's a water table below the
coffer pyramid but why why is that significant
otherwise as far as the pyramid structure itself?
Yes, it's thank you for this question
is important. Uh water table water table
uh while if uh the Egyptian authority will give
us the authorization to go there in situ and makes
measurements may maybe make some cleanings
on the existing facilities. We we are not
um asking to go inside the pyramid. And I tell
you, I tell you uh maybe we are asking to go on
the Giza plateau because on the Giza plateau there
are I don't know you you remember when you went
there the ex some existing shafts that are located
between the the Cafra pyramid and the the sphinx.
There are some shafts that are uh that has the uh
the entrance on the surface of the plateau. Okay.
But when you go there, you can see that they are
blocked by debris. So there is soil inside and
um according to our scans we are confident
very confident that those shafts shafts are
connected to the underground facilities that are
located below jet. So it is not uh necessary to
go inside the pyramids because the pyramids are
something a bit more complicated. It's something
more complicated to have authorization. Maybe can
be simpler can be better to have authorization
um uh staying on the plateau not going
inside the the pyramids. And there we
can do a lot of things. The f the first
thing that we can do is to perform inc2
um u measurements. So in C2 uh measurements
campaign using say seismic reflectivity methods.
Okay. Okay. Not Doppler tomography other methods.
So maybe to to see if they match with my methods.
And in that context we will be able to map very
precisely the water level uh under the plateau.
That's the first thing that uh in my personal
opinion we can do. Then we can measure perfect
and so match the INCO measurements with my
measurements and see how the depth of the
existing shafts that are located on the Jiza
plateau. The third step can be to clean those
shafts. We can clean because now they are blocked
by debris. There is also there are also other
things like rubbish inside those shafts. So there
they has to be clean clean it. And while we are
cleaning the shafts we can go down down and down
and see what there is at the end of them. In our
personal opinion, that's a service entrance,
a secondary entrance that connects the the
uh facility to the main facility that is located.
Do you think we can do you think we can turn the
power grid back on? We do like that too. Beam
shoots out of the top of the pyramid. Um,
that's so interesting. And I mean how does does
Dun think that this is like a a fusion generator?
Does that does he think that that that we
could produce over unity energy from it?
Uh Chris is uh has um very clear idea and uh
I agree with him that uh the plan the power
the JA plateau is related to electricity or
something that is very near to electricity.
a such kind of um electron generator energy
electrons and uh maybe it can be um hypotized
at this as I told you water is very important.
Maybe the water goes through the these spirals
and the spirals are uh made by PZO electric
material. And while the the the water is
um flowing through the spirals are exciting
this uh um pole electric material that generates
electricity something like that mean but it's
only you have to go there and check interesting
and does Dun is he interested in pawns fleshman
and the we we didn't talk about pans of fleshman
about Fion reactors uh about this about that kind
of uh stuff but maybe the next time I will see him
I I see him I will ask him about this. Do these
two Italian scientists you mentioned who were kind
of adherence to pawns and flemen do you think do
do they hypothesize that the pyramids themselves
have anything to do with nuclear fusion or
unfortunately I don't know okay because uh and now
they voted they disappeared so they disappeared
yes what what happened to them no they they
are not with us anymore oh they they Okay.
But you said disappear. I mean not not in a
mysterious way. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Okay. No judic 14 2015. Um Juliano Preparata
earlier. Okay. Okay. In the beginning of the
2000 I think something like that. But they are
they were very clever. Yes. Armando Mai who you
have worked with and and we just discussed for a
little bit. Yes. He has very like esoteric ideas.
It seems like he talks about the number 237 and
he talks about 137. No one Oh, what was it 137?
Sorry. What profound mystery lies hidden behind
this number? For what reason did Richard Feineman,
the great quantum physicist of the last century,
so stubbornly insist on suggesting to his fellow
physicists that they should affix a small plaque
bearing this number upon the walls of their
laboratories and then meditate upon it every
single day of their lives? Why did Leon Lerman,
the 1988 Nobel laurate in physics, make a point
of telling people he had lived in a house numbered
137? 137 in quantum physics is the ratio between
the speed of light and that of the electron
orbiting the nucleus of the hydrogen atom. You
surely haven't failed to notice the correspondence
with the number found in the proportions of the
second pyramid of Giza. Is it a coincidence?
What do you make of his ideas? And maybe for the
audience, can you summarize them? Yes, Armando
is a very very nice person and scientist also
he's uh he is convinced that uh uh the number
137 is related to especially to cafe pyramid on
the caf pyramid exactly I don't know exactly his
uh uh the theories and I I have his books I have
to read it and I have to study his books. But uh I
think that uh uh he I encourage him to go with his
uh ideas because uh they are very interesting.
Armando is a nice guy and uh uh he will do a lot
of things with us. What do you think of you know
Ben Van Kirkwick? He just went on Joe Rogan's show
and he talked about this large labyrin underneath
like Hawara region and um he talks about Heroditus
and Ply the Ply the Elder and like past historical
accounts of this large chamber. These the stories
of this hall of records and these rooms beneath
the Sphinx go back thousands of years. Like
I mean just just not just the Arabs but also
Herodotus and these other guys also talked about
uh that whole area the Sphinx and everything else
being vastly more ancient even than the pyramids.
Do you think there's anything interesting there?
uh in some uh portion of the Giza plateau we found
a mess in terms of tomographic reflections. So
there are really something like a network of
uh underground tunnels that because when you watch
the tomography you you see everything projected on
a plane. So it is hard to have the third dimension
inside the depth and uh yes there are a lot of
connections. The shafts that goes down are all
interconnected and it's difficult to for us to
make a precise reconstruction of what there is um
what is connecting the main shafts that are very
visible one to each other cuz he he's claiming I
think the labyrinth is like a half a kilometer or
maybe more maybe a k like it's extremely big what
there is underneath there is very huge. In fact,
in this context in um was I think Armando that
me and Armando uh for Armando I think said for
the first time that's the tip of the iceberg.
The pyramids are the tip of the iceberg. It's
just a hat to complete something that is located
underneath. Ah it's like a a little cherry on top
of Yeah. Yeah. The substance is below. My personal
view I try the measurements are are showing that.
So interesting. What else did So you mentioned
finding these networks you know tunnels and
then obviously you have the coils under kafra.
Are there any other findings in this case? I'm
sorry. Uh I have to quote ch also trevor graci.
Okay. Trevor uh because Trevor uh gave me for
the first time the indigation on the shafts of the
shaft. Uh he told me because he's exp that me not
uh Philippo um please uh explore the depth of
the existing shafts that I told you the shafts
located between Cafrey and the the sphinx because
from there you can find the entrance to the to
the underground under under Cafra. Yes. because
he is also uh making independent research a bit
uh far away but 100 m far away from these shafts.
And he found and he found a so-called corridor of
rooms that from the surface goes underneath and
then it connects um the the top to the bottom and
the bottom is uh constituted by a network of uh um
tunnels that are located uh underneath. Wow. Also
he is studying this and he is 100% convinced
because he he wants to go inside personally
in the in the underground in the um interching
this network of tunnels. It's amazing. Is there
anything that you've found besides the network
of of tunnels? Like anything else? You have this
sort of Ah, yes. Yes. And I and uh I told you I
told these these things on uh on the conference
in Spo and also in Malta. Um we had a conference
there. The uh structures that are um that we found
in Cafra. We found the same thing also in Manaware
and also under the Sphinx. Whoa. Yes. Absolutely.
Yes. found the same thing. The same not 4 + 4 but
in man 2 + two a smaller version of this things
and in uh under the sphinx only one cube going
down. So they are all connected. So the uh Jiza
plateau is not constituted by the pyramids. That's
many, that's cafred, then that's uh chaops. No,
it is something that has to be considerate
entirely. Yeah. It's a system. It's a network
or something. So fascinating. What do you like?
How has academia received you know these findings?
I have to be willing to give to give an
answer to this. Giving an answer to this
academia is wonderful. Academia is
very interesting because there are
a lot of things that I learned thanks to academia.
It has to be something we have to be very
diplomatic with academia because academia works.
You have an hypothesis. You make the measurements
and you explain why you had these measurements
and then you do comparation with the reality and
you explain the errors. So this is a scientific
uh paper. No, you start from an issue, you perform
the measurements reality and the errors. Reality
it means a state-of-the-art. You have an an
innovation the state of the art and the errors.
This is academia. So that I agree because I am
I I am 100% thanksful of academia because it is
uh an institution and uh it is necessary to study
through the academia because academia give us a
lot of tools mathematical tools the tools and the
physics that are behind things that we do. Also
my techniques comes from a can because I studied
I studied this interior virtual from a canaden
and that's very important when there is something
new uh we have to be careful to announce things.
So it is new and uh has to pass time to um um how
you say to to realize that the things that we are
claiming can be valid or not by the academia which
I agree. So uh in this moment we are working on a
scientific paper. The scientific paper is uh let's
say under review. Is it peer review? Peer review.
Yes, only be review. Cool. Do you have a timeline
on when it might get accepted or I don't want to
say something because it is a bit um it is under
review. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And uh let's see what
happens. That's exciting. Let's see what happens.
Well, I hope I hope I hope it gets peer review. I
mean that would be very exciting. I don't know
what happens. Maybe maybe we'll be rejected. I
don't know. But uh if we'll be rejected, we have
to we have to know why. Yeah. If will be achieved
or 100% will be some revision to do. I don't if
if you're just saying these are the findings,
I don't know how it can be rejected. If you're
saying we use Doppler tomography in all these
other cases that involve life or death or normal
commercial business cases, so it's useful in the
free market context where people have skin in the
game on it being useful. Uh and then you're saying
we've done cases of validating that it works by
going inside of a few things that we've measured.
Uh, and then and then you're saying four different
synthetic aperture radar companies measured this
thing and you got this raw data and then you have
software that you use in other contexts to create
images that invert the the raw data into an image.
Why would that get rejected? That seems super to
me. I'm not I'm not a genius, but that seems very
simple and basic and obvious. I agree with you,
but academia is very orthodox. So they have
um I think they're orthodox because of what
everyone's saying about the implications of it
because circulating the internet is everybody
saying it's an energy grid and it's at the and
that it's fun to speculate about and it could
be true but just the findings themselves are the
findings. So it's like I don't see how you can
reject that. We are proposing measurements.
Let's see what happens. I don't know. Yeah.
I just interviewed um this Swedish astronomer
named Beatatric V Royale. She's amazing and
um she is similar because she's um traditionally
credentialed like yourself. You know, she's well
respected. She's at Stockholm University and um
she's a physicist and an astrophysicist and she
went and the Palomar Observatory which is the
basically the most prominent observatory in use
in San Diego in California from 1949 to 1957.
So pre-sputnik, pre-satellites being in space,
she found Sputnik. Yes. She found all these
transients that look like these like mir mirrors
or like light reflecting objects. They they're not
stars. They're not sun streaks. They're nothing
else. And they're pre-satellites. And she found
where are they located? These transients came from
solar reflections at 42,164 kilometers from the
Earth or somewhere there around. Very interesting.
Yeah. No, it is. Press spotting. Press spot. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And so she's trying to
find another observatory to see if she can line
it up because people said that the spots she found
are plate defects. But then she um uh basically
like did a study of the these transients, these
these light reflecting objects. And she looked
in the Earth's shadow. So the Earth's shadow,
you know, you have the sun pointing at the
Earth. And she wanted to see if there was a
drop off in the Earth's shadow. And there was a
drop off showing that they do reflect light. So
they're probably physical objects. Yes, because
they reflect light. I I would like to read about
I will send it to you. But it's another example
of and this was just accepted by peer review.
And I I think you know my sense is that the
people around her did everything they could
to poke holes in it. Everything. And there's
it's weird. There's no one left poking holes.
Sabina Hosenfelder did a video and she's like,
I don't know what to say. This is interesting.
Brian Keading, who's, you know, a very, you know,
wellestablished physicist who normally plays the
skeptical side to be honest. He came out and he
was like, I find this very interesting. Maybe we
should look for corroboration. So, it's an amazing
time where people like Beatatrice and yourself
um can find these these, you know, bold amazing
things and and actually try to get get peer
review. And I I really hope you do get get peer
review. To me again I'm you know just thinking
about it simply but it makes a lot of sense to
me. I don't understand why it would get rejected.
In my personal opinion, uh uh we we will need uh
a lot of time for review because I tell you in
2022 I don't remember 2122 we initially published
a work per peer review that is online now but the
um the initial work that we made on the uh kops
pyramid didn't have this such of media explosion
on uh on on all the world. Now with the second
paper I know that the editor of the journal where
we um submitted the article will be very I don't
know. Let's see what happens. I don't know. Yeah.
Well, I'm excited. And I think if I were you,
I would treat try to keep the claims as humble
as possible and just give an honest readout of
what you measured. Yes. Because I think it's hard
to reject if you do that. I think if you insert
some of the stuff, we're having fun speculating,
but don't insert any of that stuff in the pyramid.
Holy measurement results. Because modeling
results, in my opinion, academia is myopic and
narrow and not very bold. And so if you do that,
then they'll reject it. But just keep it super
narrow. That's your way. That's the way in. Um,
well, I'm so excited, man. I'm so excited. Do
you think that we'll be able to make progress
in our lifetime on really understanding
what the pyramids are for? Do you think
do you think that what we discover through your
work and maybe the follow-up work in the Coffra
project will overturn our understanding
of the pyramids and maybe reality itself?
Maybe yes. Um uh we need time for continuing
the studies. That's um important to say time is
uh is important to stand the ideas that we have
to consolidate ideas that we have. I tell you that
uh um the technique that we are using now is every
day uh improving in terms also of um also in terms
of um precision precision and the performance. Um
so the answer is yes. Yes. Uh we can maybe the the
final proof is to go there and watch and see what
there is. We go we have to go inside. Well, I hope
you're given access to do that. Um because I think
it's really important for for the world to just
understand both our past from a placing humanity
in a specific context but also technologically who
knows what it could unlock. Who knows? You know
maybe 2026 will be a year where uh if we begin
to to perform in CEDO exploration we will know
really more with resp uh information about the
pyramids with respect to now if we will be able uh
until the end of this year to submit to the Egyp
Egyptian authorities a project proposal and having
um a a very focused very focused ideas on it. So
without going around so focused on um specific
topics in my personal opinion we will have
uh an authorization. Why not? Why not? Why not?
Well that's exciting. If we have an authorization,
if we will have an an authorization, maybe we
can find excited exciting things. Who knows?
My prediction is you will find exciting things if
you're given authorization. So I think, you know,
it's to me the more bigger question is will you
be given authorization? I think if you find if you
get authorization, I think you're gonna find
something very interesting underneath there
because if you can't explain the way you described
it, the the just the hat or the the little,
you know, the the tip of the spear, the tip of
the iceberg, the tip of the tip of the iceberg,
and that is a literally a world wonder. Like, we
don't understand it at all. We don't understand
how it's built. There are debates about how it's
built. If we don't understand that then and you're
telling me that that's the tip of the iceberg
and that there's this whole network underneath
it. Oh my god. I mean the the contribution to
humanity and I I hope Egypt is able to see just
how special that is. Well, you you have to promise
to let me and Jay come and film it. You you will
be you and Jay will be the first to feed Oh,
let's go. Maybe we can get Joe Rogan out, too.
Well, it's it's an honor and uh to speak with
you. Say hello also to Jay. Yeah. What's up,
Jay? Project Unity. Go check that out. Subscribe.
Um yeah. No, I I'm I'm I'm I'm just so excited.
Uh and it does feel like these sort of discoveries
are speeding up. I don't know why. I think people
are kind of waking up, you know, collectively to
some of these ideas, becoming more open-minded.
And um yeah, thank you for being uh bold
because I know you come from more of a you know
a traditional engineering background. Yes. And
to be able to speculate about these things isn't
so easy. Actually before we go we were before we
were rolling. Yes. And I have to tell you also.
Yeah. Yeah. Tell me. Yeah. What we did Yeah. It is
absolutely inside the scientific compounds because
we did measurements. Yes. That are scientifically
approved. So we didn't do nothing exotic. Yeah,
maybe we need to do a double blind check has
to pass time. No, but to me it's like using
an electron microscope or mass spectrometry or
something and and just saying you know we found
these isotope ratios and then people are like what
do you mean you found those isotope ratios? Well
it's like we use this machine in a million other
contexts they work and then here it works and we
found this thing. You're telling me that Doppler
tomography is used in all these other contexts
effectively for commercial and you know I'm sure
it's used for defense. That's me speculating.
So it's like if that's the case, what's why not?
Yeah. Yeah. Why why would this be any different?
Like it's just an instrument that we know works
in all these other cases. So it's miraculous. One
other thing is we were before we were rolling, we
talked a little bit about this idea of extended
electronamics and um scalar physics and some
people have hypothesized that uh some of these
ancient structures involved kind of acoustic
resonance but also um maybe maybe tap into a
more exotic kind of version of electromagnetism
than the typical transverse Herzian wave. Do you
think that's possible? Have you explored that
at all or I never explored explored this but
uh it does it doesn't mean that uh I maybe I will
never do it. If you ask me what is a scalar wave I
don't know I don't know I I I can't give you an
answer because I never um studied this kind of
topic. Erh so but I am not saying that it doesn't
that it does not exist. Yeah, in my personal
opinion all people academic not not not academics
everyone we are we have to be open mind we um
I tell you this we go in the past uh
in the in the 15s 1915 maybe 1910 when
um an Italian scientist is call it Gul Maronei
who invented the radio. We are now today with
these nice things on the internet thanks to
Gulma Maronei and this is uh what I'm saying
it is exactly the example that we are living
today that we are today we are we are saying
this Gulmo Maronei wanted to perform
a huge experiment. So can I connect um
the Terranov Island with Cornovalia? So a huge
distance across the Atlantic. Yes. Where across
the Atlantic? No. And can I transmit a some
information from one part to the other one
without cables only using electromagnetic waves?
He he was sure about this the success the that
he he he will succeed the this experiment because
he felt it inside the the heart all the academia
I am saying nothing about the academia is
not something against the academia no only
to explain you the fact that is now east all
the academia was the pain. No, Maronei is doing
something wrong because it will never uh go. It
will never be uh okay. This experiment will never
work. Why? Because the transmitting antenna and
the receiving antenna were not in line of sight.
And so Maxwell said that the electromagnetic
waves are only transmitting in line of sight.
It means that I have to watch physically
the transmitting and the receiving. And
so why he is doing that? Because uh he wants
to waste money because it will never work.
I can I can tell you that uh who was saying
this because it's history it was maybe poare
professor rig
academia and so the journalist from the academia
uh used to go to to Marone and ask Marone Marone
the academia said said that your experiment will
never work don't worry don't worry Follow me.
Don't worry. Not bad. Uh when the day when
the day arrived for doing the experiment,
the they used to have the how you say the Morse
signal. the MOS signal from the transmitting
uh source uh was transferred immediately to
rece to the receiving source. It it worked.
Why? Because there was the so-called third
via the third uh solution. So from one side
the theory of Maxwell said that this experiment
couldn't work because the earth is a a sphere.
No. And so yeah it's like a laser pointer.
It would be offer. Yeah. on the other side
um Maronei that he didn't study he didn't study
he wasn't a scientist nothing he thought in his
mind wrongly that electromagnetic waves followed
a cored path right that's not possible because
it's wrong so the academia that study did was
saying that the the the the experiment will never
succeed and they were because they studied.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And he that he was a mess,
a scientific mess. Yeah. Because nobody
or the academia and Maronei knew about
the third via and what was the third
via the present of the yonosphere.
the eonosphere conductive ionosphere. So the
wavelength that was transmitting maronei casually
it was interacting with the yonosphere and so the
electromagnetic wave according to the max theory
made like that and like that directly to the
receiving and so it work it's amazing and this
gave the Nobel prize to Gulco That's an incredible
story because he was right but he didn't even know
why he was right until after he figured it out.
It's amazing and Maronei flunked out of school.
He fun none of his professors took him seriously
and yeah even the world so everyone has to be open
mind of course well electromagnetism in general
came Michael Faraday was the early 19th century
he was a poor bookbinder in South London who knew
nothing and he just kind of like had revelations
about some of this because of his heart inside
absolutely he was feeling that it was a part of
him clearly and te Tesla had all of these speaking
of scalar physic he had all these ideas of where
electromagnetism in its current form even with
his update of alternating current over over direct
current v visav v Edison even beyond that he was
talking about wireless instantaneous transmission
and his experiments at warden cliff that were
sponsored by JP Morgan I think if he were to if
he were alive today he would say you know his
experiments barely scratched the surface of
what he thought the potential for electromagnet
matism actually was. So the point is just like
uh Einstein is housed within you can find Newton
also Einstein. Yeah. Yeah. At the at the at the
time when he developed the special relativity
he was saying that time is relative. Time is
changing. No it is and it was an eretic thinking.
Yes. But was successful. So in this context
everyone has to of us has to think eradically.
Absolutely. It means it means in Italian in Latin
uh it means to be free of mind. Okay. Absolutely.
Because in liaria the heretic the it's free. Well,
the whole the whole history of science is the
history of heretical thinking moving science
forward and scientific paradigm shifts occur
when there's a buildup of anomalies and then
the kind of dam breaks. So, and and and each
theory, it's like I love the Maronei example
because Newton was right, but he didn't know why
he was right. Einstein was more right than Newton
and his theory. There's gonna be somebody who's
more right than Einstein about his theories. And
the idea that this is the end of history and the
end of physics is the biggest fallacy of like,
you know, that we know everything and it and it
occurs at every generation. Every generation we
say we know everything and then somebody figures
something out and they're always the heretic. Know
anything. That's right. Not everything. And if
you can't find somebody who is not part of the
conventional body of knowledge who you agree
with, you're almost guaranteed to be on the
wrong side of history because that's the person
who's going to bring forward. It's the trick is
finding the right person who's, you know, and
that's hard, but you know, I couldn't agree
with you. Amazing. It's funny, you know, you know,
two days ago I interviewed Marone's grandson. Ah,
very nice. And this is really trippy, but
um he said that his grandfather was part
of a secret uh cabinet from Mussolini to study
extraterrestrials and it was called RS33. In 1933,
the Italian government set up uh this group,
the secret research uh 33 cabinet where Maronei
was the uh chair was the president and was the
vice president and they made some searches and
studies on this phenomenon because 1953 uh they
say that in V of Italy there were some apparitions
of so-called UFOs. So in magenta, Italy or do
you know where specifically? Uh, Vz. It's north
uh, east Italy. Northeast. Yes. Veriz. It's north
of Milan uh, in Lombardi and between Lombodi and
Venetian land. And it was fascinating.
Interesting. He told me that personally
like and he's a prince. I was I was like, this is
amazing. So, it's funny you brought him up. But,
um, yeah. It's so I I will see that interview.
Yeah. Yeah. You'll see it up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah. But it I'm just uh you know amazed
by it. But yeah, I agree. I think that yeah,
go for it. I I'm not saying that this experiments
that we did on Jets are esoteric experiments,
uh heretic. No, they are orthodox. But it is a
different way to watch electromagnetics. Why?
Why not? So it is inside the academic compound.
Well, 100%. The the point I think you're making
is like when you're a hammer, everything looks
like a nail. And when you you're an archaeologist
and you see a structure, you just say, "Oh, it's a
pyramid. There are pyramids in other parts of the
world. That's just this structure." And then you
come up with some lame, you know, justification
for why it was built. you come up with some
reasons that are kind of inadequate as to how
they were built, but you're force-fitting your
own priors onto the the observation and you have
people like Christopher Dunn who's done all this
work on just engineering anomalies with the thing
itself and then you're contributing with this,
you know, very clear scan of what's underneath
the pyramid and all of these things don't look
like normal modern architecture. So the idea
that it's just some ancient, you know, tomb is so
obviously coming from our own false preconceptions
based on modernity. It's not based on a, you
know, unbiased reading of what's happening. Yes,
I agree with you. So I would bet on, you know,
I'd bet on I hope your team really figures this
out and it's it's exciting. It's a really exciting
time in history. I think that 2026 we have to do
something. Yeah. Maybe in my personal opinion uh
humanity is ready to go there and to go and see
what there is down down down there because there
is something Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you
know, you know um Luis Walter Alvarez who was uh
really important for the American atomic program.
He's depicted in the movie Oenheimer and he was
very high up in the Manhattan Project. you know,
he x-rayed the pyramids in the 50s. X-rayed. So,
it's been a subject of long-standing interest,
like even from like an official American
government perspective for for a long
time. And and how did how he x-rayed? I don't know
exactly. Yeah. But it's it's online. You can look
at Yeah. Oh, okay. It had to use a huge amount
of energy in order to penetrate all the mass of
the pyramid. Yeah, I guess so. And I think did
uh there was maybe a like a mu a muon detector.
Yes. Yes. In fact, we have to speak also about
the scam pyramid project because there is not
only the the caf project but there is also or much
more time with respect to us the scampion project.
Stampit project is using muons which are sub
particles that are emitted from the universe.
They they they go to the pyramid and they
interject some um how you say uh detectors.
So the moons impress the detectors and they carry
the information about the voids existing between
the top of the pyramids why they they go through
the pyramids like that. Yes, the scam pyramid
project is a well-known research group. Uh they're
using uh another physics. We are using acoustics.
They are using sub particles and maybe let's
see if we can reach them. So be in contact with
them maybe we can or work together or share our
results. No because now we are in in competition
but if we are in competition we are we have
to work together not no the the way you have
to think about it is it's you guys against the
world. It's not you against, you know, it's like
it's amazing for everybody if we can figure out
anything here. So, and we're up against kind of
establishment forces. So, you know, the um the in
the Muan detectors that that's specifically for
um mapping the chambers inside of the pyramid. Is
that right? Yes. Uh I tell you, yes. And I tell
you why we should uh collaborate together. There
is a difference between the the methods that we
use and they use because we scan from the space
the from the so from the space we we can scan
underneath. They use the space particle to scan
what there is between the pyramid and where they
locate physically the detectors. It means that
uh for us is not request to go physically to
locate the the detectors. Our detector is the
surface of the earth. In my personal opinion,
we work better with respect to them because
we can detect things where never a human went
underneath. Mhm. Their technique is different
because they have to go physically somewhere
and so they will retrive a tomography between the
surface and where they locate the detectors. Okay.
I am hypoizing this and I I will share this uh
information here. If we perform a a join project,
so a a project together maybe and if we will
we will be able one day to go inside the shaft
and maybe interjecting an horizontal uh tunnel uh
constituting the network of tunnels. There is that
there is underneath. The scan pyramid project can
locate their detectors inside the tunnel in order
to retrive what there is up up to there. I don't
know if I am explaining. Yeah. You'll use them in
conjunction. You'll put the muon detector there
there so they can scan. It makes sense. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Interesting. We have to work together.
We don't have to be separated but work together.
Yeah. Very cool. I love that idea. Well, on that
note, uh, Filippo Beyond, I I this is an absolute
honor and a pleasure and, uh, I really wish you
good luck because I think what you're doing is
very important. And, uh, honestly, I didn't,
you know, I was very compelled, uh, by what
was circulating online, but there were a couple of
things that even I was didn't know or was holding
out judgment on. And after this interview, I'm
I'm you kind of convinced me on a lot of it. So,
um, I'm I'm very I'm very very excited and
thank you for doing this. appreciate. Thank you.
Over the last couple of months, we've been
designing the new American Alchemy merch drop,
and I'm excited to say that the 2025 winter drop
is finally ready. We now have 30 uniquely designed
pieces that really reflect what American Alchemy
is all about. This drop includes epic t-shirts,
long sleeves, crew necks, hoodies,
tapered sweatpants, hats, totes, mugs,
and tumblers. The Fukushima Japan pieces, for
example, have detailed left chest embroidery.
The Morning of Earth designs went through
multiple revisions to get the fit exactly right,
and the Iron Horse tea is something I think will
be a hit for anyone who loved the UFO cowboy or
our atomic age shirts from our last drop. We cut
a lot of things that didn't meet our standards,
and we're really, really proud of each of
these items. Everything is pretty limited,
so there's no endless restocks. Once
it's gone, it's entirely gone. If you
missed anything from our original drops
and you want to go out and represent,
now's the time to go grab something. So, go to
americanal alchemymerch.com to check it all out.